DRIVERS-2960: Clarify Reauthentication and Speculative Authentication combination behavior (#1634)
mongodb/specifications: source/auth/tests/mongodb-oidc.md

- Assert that the callback was called 2 times.
- Close the client.

#### 4.4 Speculative Authentication should be ignored on Reauthentication

- Create an OIDC configured client.

> - Poison the *Client Cache* with a valid access token to enforce Speculative Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Poison the *Client Cache* with an invalid access token to enforce Speculative Authentication.
```

> - Poison the *Client Cache* with a valid access token to enforce Speculative Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Populate the *Client Cache* with a valid access token to enforce Speculative Authentication.
```
